Improve usage instructions (#29)
konstantinjdobler/nlp-research-template: README.md

```bash
docker build --tag <username>/<imagename>:<tag> --platform=linux/<amd64/ppc64le> .
```
The specified username should be your personal [`dockerhub`](https://hub.docker.com) username. This will make distribution and reusage of your images more easy.

## Development

> Development for ML can be quite resource intensive. If possible, you can make use of a more powerful host machine to which you connect to with your local PC and start your development on. Normally, you would set up the correct environment on the host machine as explained above but this workflow is simplified a lot by using `VS Code Dev Containers`. They allow you to develop inside a docker container with all necessary dependencies pre-installed.  The template already contains a `.devcontainer` directory, where all the settings for it are stored, so you can start right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development for ML can be quite resource intensive. If possible, you can start your development on a more powerful host machine to which you connect to from your local PC. Normally, you would set up the correct environment on the host machine as explained above but this workflow is simplified a lot by using `VS Code Dev Containers`. They allow you to develop inside a docker container with all necessary dependencies pre-installed.  The template already contains a `.devcontainer` directory, where all the settings for it are stored, so you can start right away.
```

Additionally, you can set the `WANDB_API_KEY` in your remote environment; it will then be automatically mapped into the container.

</p>
</details>

## Training

After all of this setup you are finally ready for some training. First of all, you need to create your data directory with a `train.txt` and your `dev.txt`. Then you can start a training run in your environment with:

```bash
python train.py --name <runName> -d /path/to/data/dir --model roberta-base --gpus=-1 --offline
```

To see an overview over all options and their defaults, run `python train.py --help`.
We have disabled Weights & Biases syncing with the `--offline` flag. If you want to log your results, enable W&B as described [here](#weights--biases) and omit the `--offline` flag. We also set --gpus=-1 to use all GPU's available.

### Using the Docker environment for training
To run the training code inside the docker environment, use a `docker run` command like this:
```bash
docker run -it --user $(id -u):$(id -g) --gpus='device=0' --ipc=host -v "($pwd)":/workspace -w /workspace <IMAGENAME> bash
```

> The `--gpus='device=0'` flag (change this to use the GPUs you actually want) selects the GPU with indice `0` for the container. Inside the container you can now execute your training-script as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--gpus='device=0'` flag (change this to use the GPUs you actually want) selects the GPU with index `0` for the container. Inside the container you can now execute your training-script as before.
```

For security reasons, `docker` might be disabled on your HPC cluster. You might be able to use the SLURM plugin `pyxis` instead like this:

```bash

> srun ... --container-image konstantinjdobler/nlp-research-template:latest --container-name torch-cuda python train.py ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
srun ... --container-image konstantinjdobler/nlp-research-template:latest python train.py ...
```
